Project 3 It's Five o'clock somewhere
Introducing our latest project - an interactive website designed exclusively for beer enthusiasts all around the world! Our mission is simple - to provide our users with an extensive and detailed analysis of the world of brews. We'll be gathering data on various breweries across the globe, including their location, size, and the types of beer they produce.

Our website will offer an innovative approach to exploring the world of beer by allowing users to search for breweries within a set radius of any location they choose. With a Geojson map and radius markers, our website provides the perfect platform for beer lovers to find their next favorite spot. And, with toggle options for defining radius and brewery types, users can easily filter their search results to find exactly what they're looking for. Our website also offers a unique feature where users can view and explore breweries worldwide.

And, of course, if there is time, we'll dive deep into the data to uncover any patterns or trends emerging in the beer industry. So whether you're a seasoned beer enthusiast or just getting started, our interactive website is the ultimate guide to exploring the world of brews. Cheers!

Our project is an analysis of the world of breweries, using data from various sources to create an interactive map and dashboard. With our website, users can easily search and explore breweries based on location, type, and ratings. Our project aims to provide insights into the beer industry and types of breweries found.

Our data is coming from the following websites:

https://untappd.com/ https://api.openbrewerydb.org/breweries We used two different datasets for these reasons: To explore different aspects /perspectives about breweries We wanted to initially check to see if we could combine the lat and long and ratings. To compare and validate results If we had more time, we would have merged the tables and located the Lat and Long of all the Unatppd Breweries To account for missing or incomplete data The API had the lat and long and the Untappd had ratings and more variety. If we had more time, we would like to see if there is a location with more people that are “happier” with breweries or if types of breweries have different reviews.
Millennials,generation born between the early 1980s and mid-1990s, are often associated with the rise of the craft beer industry and the popularity of microbreweries. However, it's important to note that not all millennials enjoy craft beer and not all craft beer drinkers are millennials. There is some evidence to suggest that millennials are more likely to drink craft beer than other age groups. THere are some plausible connections with the cities that Milenials have moved to and the amount of breweries in that area. Seattle, Denver, Portland, San Francisco, and Austin - top the list with a significant number of breweries, offering a diverse range of beer styles and flavors. These cities have also been popular destinations for millennials due to their vibrant culture, job opportunities, and quality of life, especially Microbreweris.. The high number of Microbreweries can be attributed to lower barriers to entry, local support, and a culture of innovation and experimentation. Microbreweries have a relatively low capital investment compared to larger breweries, making it easier for entrepreneurs to start their own breweries and experiment with new beer styles. Microbreweries are often able to experiment with new beer styles and flavors that may not be commercially viable for larger breweries. If we had more time, we would like to study the demographics of the craft breweries areas and their drinkers.

Screen Shot 2023-04-05 at 1 22 41 PM

Screen Shot 2023-04-05 at 1 22 47 PM

Screen Shot 2023-04-05 at 1 22 53 PM
